README.md, before:

# Focus Follows Workspace

A [Gnome Shell Extension][1] that focuses (and moves the cursor to) the primary monitor after the
workspace was switched with a keyboard shortcut.

https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/4688/focus-follows-workspace/

This extension is meant to be used with a multi-monitor setup with the setting "Workspaces on
primary display only". It enables quick switching to an application on a given workspace via
keyboard by preventing the focus from being restored to a window on a secondary monitor.

![Settings for "Workspaces on primary display only"](/doc/img/settings-primary-only.png)

It is compatible with the extension [Switch Workspace][2].

## Assigning Keyboard Shortcuts

Go to "Settings" > "Keyboard" > "View and Customize Shortcuts" > "Navigation" and assign keybindings for "Switch to workspace x".

![Settings for keybindings"](/doc/img/settings-keybindings.png)

## License

[GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html) or later.


[1]: https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/GnomeShell/Extensions
[2]: https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/1231/switch-workspace/

Commit message:

doc: provide install instructions in readme

README.md, after:

# Focus Follows Workspace

A [Gnome Shell Extension][1] that focuses (and moves the cursor to) the primary monitor after the
workspace was switched with a keyboard shortcut.

https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/4688/focus-follows-workspace/

This extension is meant to be used with a multi-monitor setup with the setting "Workspaces on
primary display only". It enables quick switching to an application on a given workspace via
keyboard by preventing the focus from being restored to a window on a secondary monitor.

![Settings for "Workspaces on primary display only"](/doc/img/settings-primary-only.png)

It is compatible with the extension [Switch Workspace][2].

## Assigning Keyboard Shortcuts

Go to "Settings" > "Keyboard" > "View and Customize Shortcuts" > "Navigation" and assign keybindings for "Switch to workspace x".

![Settings for keybindings"](/doc/img/settings-keybindings.png)

## Install

The following command will build the extension and install it locally.

```sh
./bundle.sh -i
```

## License

[GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html) or later.


[1]: https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/GnomeShell/Extensions
[2]: https://extensions.gnome.org/extension/1231/switch-workspace/
